 Written by Joe Ricker ('s robot) 
 
 
 
                              I GOTTA BE CRAWLING                               
 
 
 
                                     LAURA                                      

  For ten I might take the phone.  Used to and I get a tough.  Short sleeves I f
                 eel bad it's on.   come in seeing you what do.                 
 
 
                                    ELAINE!                                     
         But geez oh wait here but i'd.  With  that choose you wanna go.        

 
 
(AN Hit by the table.) 
 
                                     KRAMER                                     

  So who're you left regular rightit's.  - sports and find out now a second.  Be
                            a here I don't know what.                           
 
 
(A For laura the lease.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                            Places they deliver wood.                           

 
 
(GEORGE On his knees gets up then addresses Kramer hangs up.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  On this is incredible how.  In common wait a stakeout the hizballah.  Go to th
                              e bold and you know.                              
 
 
(LAURA Can't quite understand what did he picks.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Great right you relax it's a minute.  Nnnnnnnninngaaa what are you didn't tell
 you look at my.  No cotton-balls over there talk.  Like working out your price-
                                     range.                                     
 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  Lunch with her why is this woman is the one.  Them out okay I'm really -.  The
                             elevator no the people.                            
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  All that again I read the matter what's in the toe.  You're not gonna take it 
wasn't so self-involved.  Ridiculous thing we're *friends* doesn't.  You don't k
                     now I can't ask youask you no trouble.                     
 
 
(JERRY Filling out.) 
 
                                     HELEN                                      
                        Can I met doesn't sound who wants.                      

 
 
(GEORGE Shuts the f jerry's.) 
 
                                      NEWS                                      
                    Impenetrable lock open you could she has.                   

 
 
(JERRY To himself to him.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  I'm always has been.  At the picture I do.  Not working it if it heads tails n
                   o the signal.  Two o's very busy guy now.                    
 
 
(POLICEMAN Open they get on.) 
 
                                     CAROL                                      
                       Those wood yeah sure keep the live.                      

 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     
        Bucks for a funny guy who is this turkey.  Well I though you were.      

 
 
                                 INTERFERENCE!                                  

  There yeah but how do what.  Believe this over there well Jerry.  To the tile 
                         or who's left the hell great.                          
 
 
(JERRY Kid again Jerry Kramer enters the table.) 
 
                                     MORTY                                      
                                In  any of every.                               

 
 
(GEORGE S like they're in the door looks.) 
 
                                       OK                                       

  And you know where did this is great having.  Sure the phone he knows oh you i
 don't think.  83rd 'bout the apartment.  Depends on the counting nnnnnnnninngaa
                    a what women who delivers the chocolate.                    
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                              Softeners this no not.                            

 
 
                                     LARRY                                      

  Fixing things tools objects fixing things happen I'm sorry I'm really.  In luc
                               k I'm gonna watch.                               
 
 
                                       H                                        
              It's a lot of a step after.  Out of and arcade that's.            

 
 
(ALL Back to the door takes the article he leaves.) 
 
                                      FOR                                       

  You the refrigerator so where you wanna.  Yelling from construction sites thes
             e are.  Roll I have got that.  No idea of the orange.              
 
 
                                   POLICEMAN                                    

  For pamela's birthday party and Jerry did you want to come.  Vandelay corvelay
                         let me to go I mean they're so.                        
 
 
(TV) Approaches the dog come out.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  The first easy to do I don't recall uh.  Oh no idea of maybe I didn't.  Around
 in the idea oh all that they're playing.  It this is not playing with the apart
                                  ment still.                                   
 
 
(JERRY It to the apartment with a little irritated Kramer.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                Just walked in the caffeine.  To invest my pocket.              

 
 
(JERRY They're planning to her name to lift.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  To sprinkle your not working.  This woman right now that's just.  St besides y
                        ou ate we want to talk to stop.                         
 
 
                                     CLOSED                                     

  *you* had to eat where ever do you wanna see.  Down nah we just because.  Neve
                r needed one leather jacket a gardener you stay.                
 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Would be happier it's a word.  Sleeves I think I don't.  It's based on carrous
          el hi how do you don't.  We qualify as a word I know I mean.          
 
 
(JERRY To be very attrive to the leg.) 
 
                                      JOEL                                      

  You go to the way.  Me to one o'clock in the proximity to wait a little.  This
     is he going to the expression laughing all.  The floss came flying out.    
 
 
(ELAINE The dog runs off Jerry right.) 
 
                                     HELEN                                      
   To challenge that you're not suited.  David & Jerry I'm just love the live.  

 
 
(GEORGE Idem jerry's.) 
 
                                     HELEN                                      

  Do Jerry this I'm going to pretend you're a night.  To anybody specific no the
                                  guy his name.                                 
 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Back to talk about we're doin' the front.  Here right open the whole.  Ma will
                                     you ah.                                    
 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  What it out your honour.  Hello listen if a dream you had a job-interview that
                                       .                                        
 
 
(JERRY It like he likes and George.) 
 
                                     MORTY                                      
   I mean you didn't meet you know where I gave.  Uh-oh what you're a look up.  

 
 
(ARTIE With Elaine points to diane appears to George is packing.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  How can see this place has carpeting all.  Is this it's for five I'll eat that
 we.  There why did you get a six-hundred degree oven.  Was ten I cannot believe
                                       .                                        
 
 
(JERRY And he leaves.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                  Like you relax it's like I do you think she's.                

 
 
(JERRY A break they go.) 
 
                                     HELEN                                      

  Those organ donors you saying this I think jim's working.  Bum ma will you wan
t me the knicks without.  I though I can give someone the weekend.  Yeah wella l
                       ittle desk around you this is not.                       
 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
               Are you tell you ready yeah I'm just what happened.              

 
 
(A Closed ironically looks shocked theatrical idem they look at couch.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  He do is not true I just uh.  Again I got scared there are you found your movi
n'.  I got any meat no still thinking what to him.  I reached into bills I'm out
                                  ta the way.                                   
 
 
(JERRY Sock's voice George is sitting at.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Right I wrote on business let.  That guy c'mon do you just tell.  Have to say 
                                 is that again.                                 
 
 
(JERRY From the floor they take their.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  They're gone out blood-stainsis this relationship.  It done that's you want it
             in the wall or.  It myself what apartment I bet I mean.            
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
     Hear people to know she knows.  He'll put that we talk I'll eat I think.   

 
 
(JERRY Quickly pause comedy.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Pizza place or the phone well whatta ya what was.  In the rent is in the house
                               like you're gonna.                               
 
 
(CAROL Bought it says to pour.) 
 
                                     CROOK                                      
                          No I'm getting hit the phone).                        

 
 
(ELAINE Kramer yeah.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Wanting to go with.  Wall they don't know gohunt.  Two guys would be so many p
               eople tryin' to horneck.  Winner takes it is this.               
 
 
(GEORGE Cynical Jerry.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  In a fireplace are you don't mean it it's me.  Gonna bring nobody on something
              on.  Sprays fabric softeners this into her office up.             
 
 
                                       A                                        

  A woman in the knick tickets they're coming to ask.  Little desk around you to
                   o good because vanessa probably screamin'.                   
 
 
(JERRY Elaine enters makes a pencil and secretly opens the bags.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  The guy no it was the worst words in.  Ya think anyone before she said you str
              ip.  Hey  okay I have any money well what'dya think.              
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                   You know for the other the big law offices.                  

 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  Herei'm movin' that processed.  Maureen stapleton if you what.  If a little de
                          al no yeah okay want women.                           
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  It was the signals don't believe me know guy i'll.  Any meat I haven't seen an
yone in the um.  Softeners this is she said here tomorrow we'll let.  Robbins op
                   penheim and says don't even if there okay.                   
 
 
(JERRY Up and George.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  With the dough you took me.  Puts the little maze can.  Come on a home this gu
      y it's a look.  Really what does he *bumped* into you've got a lot.       
 
 
(JERRY Cynical Jerry and closes the dryer Jerry.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  He wanted to someone left.  Twice three years that would it take.  It's not it
                            out couple of the night.                            
 
 
(HELEN Scene ends nightclub jerry's apartment kramer-style ironically shows laura.) 
 
                                     KRAMER                                     
                                Guy he lived like.                              

 
 
(ELAINE Shuts the phone.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  A *jackass* she sound who was your stuff.  From you tell ya couldn't wait.  Ov
                              erruled I do oh how.                              
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  With this is not I don't you challenge that.  Doesn't think I'd rather.  For t
                            he dictionary dad she's.                            
 
 
(JERRY Out comedy.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Has carpeting all this is going so.  This spatulaand I get that is to a walk-i
n.  Something with her out.  Out disagreementsand those five-hour-boat-rides aro
                             und the only way out.                              
 
 
(WAITRESS Walks out my.) 
 
                                  INTERFERENCE                                  

  To feel involved that's you no believe it no.  With another guy you still comi
                ng.  You pound it was.  Finance bulls you there.                
 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Garden I don't know exly what are.  I don't like himya know he's an.  Machine 
                                  now I'm so .                                  
 
 
(A Called monk's Jerry.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  It's a lot for some bar for you know what.   yeah okay want to feel I am if we
.  That's writing a woman what can you think.  In five I'll choose to keep the r
                                      oad.                                      
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Luncheon I'm supposed to my calls and you really.  That's perfect could have a
                                      ny.                                       
 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     
                               Warm look at least.                              

 
 
(JERRY Laura sits down again lawyer's voice again.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  At the only difference between.  Right back it off for.  But ya know what do w
                                      hat.                                      
 
 
                                    VANESSA                                     
            All right on you know.  You want what it it's very alert.           

 
 
(KRAMER Next to Jerry.) 
 
                                      BOTH                                      
             Uh-huh I'm just you doin'.  To know instead I'm takin'.            

 
 
(JERRY A magazine back through the shoes and starts drinking from.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Like I want to do.  Tell so self-involved that's right you're sure 'cause I do
                                      n't.                                      
 
 
(JERRY Named Kramer with a phone still.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
               With this is unbelievable you know so she works but.             

 
 
(JERRY One to himself to Jerry to rest.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                                Where work I have.                              

 
 
(JERRY To himself quickly to Jerry and whispers.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Apparently plato who they don't.  He doesn't know why you had.  Eyes) guess so
 we qualify as those hugs where.  Into you've gotta get worked up watching a jok
                                       e.                                       
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
       Elaine marie benes regarding sexual.  A woman comin' uh yeah whatta.     

 
 
(JERRY Question comedy club airport Jerry sits.) 
 
                                       A                                        

  Yeah sure it'sprobably the police stakeouts manhuntsi'm gonna take it right.  
                     Look like you I hate to heat up right.                     
 
 
(JERRY Jerry looks at his phone enters the line talking into.) 
 
                                      II:                                       

  No my best friend Kramer doesn't know where the amazing.  It who I am not a pi
                           ng pong table is the egg.                            
 
 
(BAD Scene ends nightclub jerry's apartment they sit.) 
 
                                      JOEL                                      

  For cancer see architecture comin from where do.  Yes we fight a fun worldit's
       a phone he's a multiple.  In  you you're a note from island to go.       
 
 
                                      VCR                                       

  A condo on the clothes it was.  Doing here yeah art corvelay yeah I'm a real e
state-business.  Showso they're restructuring the refrigerator deduct a lawyer. 
 
 
(JERRY Box to him the most amazing.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Actually uhm do you didn't.  In I know what are getting.  Corvelay yeah tomorr
                        ow what does this is like until.                        
 
 
                                     ENDTHE                                     

  Right forget that real ion right you're a date.  Out they're like to pretend t
                                    here's.                                     
 
 
(JERRY Knife in his bags.) 
 
                                     PAMELA                                     
                             For ya know if you give.                           

 
 
(ELAINE Appears to himself.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  A tendency to go on  no he used.  They deliver the man a miracle laundry-day i
                                    s a man.                                    
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
     Starving here but what can we have plants I uh.  On the coin from where.   

 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Oh and artie levine le*vine* and sees her.  We've had a fairly ridiculous just
     to me it's the guy.  Okay alright uh have to a *jackass* she goes down.    
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
   Head I said *what* just.  Before it well and then I'm always tell me where.  

 
 

 
 
 

                                    THE END                                     