 Written by Joe Ricker ('s robot) 
 
 
 
                                   YOU TODAY                                    
 
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  You there a friend-- he was the play I could.  Has been one i've heard the eye
s hand-sandwich.  The where's the crook his first.  You like you don't know this
                                      one.                                      
 
 
(GEORGE Like he picks up.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Do you ah there I'm gonna do you did ask.  Really into you've gotta be a step 
         after.  It's complicated-- there's a tendency to your mother.          
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                    Nowunless they can tell you ever happend.                   

 
 
(JERRY George right ready Jerry.) 
 
                                      MALE                                      
         Last night yeah but how.  Uh yeah we have a man I'm saying this.       

 
 
(ELAINE That he leaves.) 
 
                                       OK                                       

  Dollars yeah so particular idiot so I don't.  In the phone with anyone in the 
                        phone).  Claire is I think i'd.                         
 
 
(JERRY Sees a magazine back to find us pretends to certain.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Let's go already mopingwould you didn't.  Like this is larry david &.  Ago the
  whole thing I do the back.  Got the clapgo 29 it's fineno we're talking with. 
 
 
(GEORGE The bags down.) 
 
                                      WHY                                       

  You relax and take your belt is my.  Seen I don't cut her that's.  What this w
    ork is absolutely.  This for this is that there was great ewing's hurt.     
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Name is I might be her which is it in.  I amthe master packer yeah helloyesyes
         she knows.  Friends so in the toe isn't.  Lets go to my tattoo.        
 
 
(JOEL Comedy club imitates one of a carrying.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  To the bag is no trouble to do.  Why do that means I'm not.  Ok ok ok you tell
                                       .                                        
 
 
                                     TELLER                                     

  Ah sagman bennet robbins oppenheim and ammonia lyin'.  Some reason I got deter
gents sprays fabric softeners.  Do we get out you of coffee claire is unbelievab
                                      le.                                       
 
 
                                     HELEN                                      
         No flip it wasn't so how 'cause then after.  Curtain honey I am.       

 
 
(GEORGE To Elaine.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Something good time it you gotta go to have.  Todayit has to ask Elaine what. 
  You like such a list now they need a stakeout.  She said here what men want.  
 
 
(ELAINE To her.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                   29 it's the table he's an artisan a better.                  

 
 
(GEORGE Hit by the door.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  To tell me that can become friends.  Have no that's why not work.  Across why 
                                don't tell him.                                 
 
 
(HELEN Are standing behind the phone.) 
 
                                    PENGUIN                                     
         You have to him.  Work on that's impossible it's missing I know.       

 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Man oh *really* Elaine so cramped.  You you're not masculine plus.  Has carpet
ing all right you I sit around whatta you didn't.  A world of time you get a hai
                                   rcut are.                                    
 
 
                                     ENDTHE                                     

  She find anything wrong with this is a long.  Table so the door is that it's a
                        shower.  Passes the whole story.                        
 
 
(GEORGE End stand-up quickly to himself to certain compartments in the audience.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
               There's nothing much thank.  I'd have a man a word.              

 
 
(JERRY They knew.) 
 
                                    ANYTHING                                    

  Time and I do I don't know.  I'll choose to mei have a good now all due.  Span
              of itya know.  In and you get the window and she has.             
 
 
(A A smile.) 
 
                                       TV                                       
               Tomorrow night to go to know the milk can) there's.              

 
 
(PAMELA Closed ironically she beckons a magazine back on the apartment.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  What do something over there we should really.  In the hizballah has the showe
   r you hi.  Have seen anyone before she called.  Eyes) guess so you could.    
 
 
                                      YOU                                       

  Get something do all and take the check.  Tickets they're all out a masseuse h
ow.  It was your copy nowunless they don't like peat-moss bags.  About it out to
                                   live with.                                   
 
 
(GEORGE With his own typical.) 
 
                                    VANESSA                                     

  He named after them oh were sitting two magicians trying.  These matters you a
                   re you can't maneuver anyway listen don't.                   
 
 
(VANESSA Sits down bobs agreeingly snaps.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
       And weaknesses of my feeling you've.  It's the phone with you goin'.     

 
 
                                     CAN'T                                      

  For a small animal oh hi Elaine marie benes this.  Is empty and you still saw 
                                   you were.                                    
 
 
                                      JOEL                                      
       Man for sophia loren that's open.  What you know you anymore it up.      

 
 
(ENDTHE Way and says very sadly idem jerry's apartment it's clear.) 
 
                                     CLAIRE                                     

  It's not gonna bring the door the city and uh.  I just walked in the two-hande
r .  Oh nothing happened ya know.  Lane now come on wednesday great it's their l
                                ittleeverything.                                
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  She sound who they really.  Dollars uh-huh I'm calling it was I don't know whe
                re.  This I'm looking at the guy he didn't have.                
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                       I had wooden teeth no there's this.                      

 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Metro he named after them out your stuff.  Of him I don't know.  Three shoot m
                                   ine once.                                    
 
 
                                     LAURA                                      
                   I admit I just that - we.  Is a joke either.                 

 
 
                                       OK                                       
                             Youcome back yeah this.                            

 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Up with us so what is there talk to have.  Got like that would you hi how I ri
                                   ch little.                                   
 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Things women are yougreatsurewhat time we're still friends based.  Mine once y
ou're talking about loni anderson loni anderson.   had to stand up the single gr
                eatest.  No disputesthat's it could ask Elaine.                 
 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
                               He's a little desk.                              

 
 
(GEORGE And George is sitting.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  It and sees George it's a coin who.  To go to anybody blood-stains I have.  Ge
orge yeah but you operate yeah tell'm but if.  I'm sorry I don't like this what 
                                     floss.                                     
 
 
(JERRY Still at george's.) 
 
                                      JOEL                                      
                 You possibly have seen men want men hear people.               

 
 
(JERRY Up diane to point to himself quickly.) 
 
                                      COME                                      

  Some funny how did she knows oh come.  Of life because filth is being.  Are yo
                     u mean it is ridiculous thing you do.                      
 
 
(DID Dryer is up.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Is Joel there's my car the hat.  Cheese let's go get together ho ho ho.  On he
                 re tomorrow hey we're.  Be sillyi'm not bird.                  
 
 
(H Gets up to him.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  Is really that can you get the door was.  So what's goin' anywhere c'mon lets 
                           go to get to minneapolis.                            
 
 
(JERRY Goes of pennies looking puzzled looks at the lease.) 
 
                                      EVEN                                      

  Look Elaine and I'm sorry you live there for you what.  I'm sorry how it's har
    d to go.  That it's this friendship it's like once.  Very much uh woman.    
 
 
                                     CLAIRE                                     

  Next to die you're engaged you mean it so.  Open the game anyway you can y'kno
           w I have.  I didn't I mean to introduce me to have it so.            
 
 
(ELAINE Runs to turn on a man.) 
 
                                     ENDTHE                                     

  What does this place has.  Corvelay yeah tomorrow hey heeeey it's a good.  Mil
                 lion decent hotel-room would you look I know.                  
 
 
                                     LAURA                                      
                             That choose all a shake.                           

 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Me I'd have to roll I Jerry I do.  Waitress trust me itlet me kramerica indust
          ries oh god I like.  Had uh-huh thank us so.  Out of the in.          
 
 
(GEORGE I'll choose youwhatta.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  She's a cotton-ball right you gotta be here gotta.  Bum what it is that.  He n
                   amed it worth uuhhi'll tell him standing.                    
 
 
(JERRY George shows his inside pocket into phone enters.) 
 
                                      LEFT                                      
                     A woman might be terribly inconvenient.                    

 
 
(OK Judges voice shows how the umbrella tosses Elaine is a slip.) 
 
                                       HO                                       
                   Anyway you wanted to say something I don't.                  

 
 
(MORTY It out of clothing they get.) 
 
                                     CLAIRE                                     

  Had to play the mets-game on the chocolate covered cherries.  The wedding I fo
                                und the philips.                                
 
 
(JERRY With a waitress approaches.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
      I'm aware of you hello oh really crying.  Me into the keys they don't.    

 
 
(GEORGE Move they take the dryer.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                          Fornicator yes I can you that.                        

 
 
(ELAINE She wants to write on the coin.) 
 
                                     HELEN                                      

  Wall being done with this is George.  Sprays fabric softeners this is going to
 happen this.  On up to a very funny.  Again) I'm sorry you left regular rightit
                               's very stressful.                               
 
 
(IT How clothes are there disappointed hands phone imitates.) 
 
                                     LAURA                                      
             No impossible it's too mad-- she's.  Don't know I know.            

 
 
(JERRY At one to Kramer yeah.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     
                      Had wooden teeth *you* had a lot for.                     

 
 
(JERRY Horneck enters to Joel waitress.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
                   Off with a lot.  Mein okay I don't know for.                 

 
 
(ELAINE And closes the door.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Hotel-rooms whatta ya know you want.  At some real bird in the bank.  It was r
                    eally couldn't.  Your decision I'm not.                     
 
 
(JERRY Ends nightclub.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Or not many job-interviews.  People to go to iran this friendship it's suppose
                                       d.                                       
 
 
(LAURA Elaine is their choose positions again puts.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  Science I swear I don't want to liveoohhh a do.  Do something do well what I d
idn't I take your little.  It's for book they really that you didn't.  I've neve
                        r talk about next tuesday night.                        
 
 
(JERRY Entering the door looks at the intercom outside.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
                            Her and drive right foot.                           

 
 
(VANESSA The dryer they get off comedy club.) 
 
                                      END                                       
                    Don't know you two bedrooms why not bird.                   

 
 
(JERRY Leg irritated pretends.) 
 
                                     KRAMER                                     
      I mean I have any plants I gotta.  He said to horneck who's at their.     

 
 
                                       HO                                       

  To imagine anyone ually recall considering the elevator.  I can't-- I you're h
       ere right.  That means I'm double parked here well whatta you get.       
 
 
                                    VANESSA                                     
                           It might've had this dream.                          

 
 
(JERRY On hangs up from.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  You left the mavericks.  'cause it's a second the market todayit has invited. 
                               I don't even know.                               
 
 
                                     JERRY                                      
   They would you had.  Blew it case yeah one of you won't.  It's not look at.  

 
 
                                    WAITRESS                                    
          Or the other guys who.  Starting one of the air and taft are.         

 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  If you stop I have in.  Yes but you conduct.  Night I sit there Jerry just tak
          e.  Out how about a murder investigation listen I don't see.          
 
 
(ELAINE Are entering the couch.) 
 
                                      VCR                                       

  Them oh great ewing's hurt ewing's hurt.  About if you think.  No I tested him
                        and those.  No I was out of this.                       
 
 
(MORTY He's going down.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
  A decision - yeah tell'm George.  No you I don't you get to bring my glasses. 

 
 
                                     HELEN                                      

  Teeth so now I avoided human cont all.  Well and why would know where do is th
is.  Biography I didn't call it I'm right here in front.  The difference between
                            a collapsible toothbrush.                           
 
 
(ELAINE To the coin the name to Jerry is at the bags.) 
 
                                     KRAMER                                     
             Yeah uhmwhat is bad really great.  At their parents are.           

 
 
(JERRY It they pick.) 
 
                                       OK                                       
        The tickets they're at.  I didn't see each other women are people.      

 
 
(ELAINE With stinky feet the door walks in to the lease.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     

  Is like himya know you think it's one.  What I'll call it women who I'm livin'
                                       .                                        
 
 
(KRAMER Up from.) 
 
                                      JOEL                                      

  Well that's really think.  For this is there bye I am if we're doing.  A semin
  ar in the machine is to your own.  With them and a good I can I get to make.  
 
 
(A Slaps Jerry.) 
 
                                     ELAINE                                     
   My tattoo removal lawsuit oh were in.  It's your lobby during the caffeine.  

 
 
(KRAMER Has to the bathroom walks.) 
 
                                     JERRY                                      

  First if I wrote down before it out with this.  Jerry we'll let me back you wa
    nna.  Think I do Jerry Seinfeld uh.  The proximity to that is uncle Mac.    
 
 
(OK Look opens the door to himself to himself.) 
 
                                     GEORGE                                     

  Luncheon I'm in the knicks without ewing listen.  It and we're just two.  On t
                  he elevator and drive.  Of course try to be.                  
 
 

 
 
 

                                    THE END                                     